How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

   - diff command only shows you the part of the code that changed, so you dont have to look manually potentially through thousand lines of code.
   
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

   - Having the ability to quickly check previous versions in order to
   to find bugs or typos could come in hand.
   Automated services that can save changes as different versions will
   save youre time

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

   pros: You have more control over when do you want to commit and save a change 
   		 to you're code. 
   		 Every commit might be addressed to changing a specific function.
   cons: You need to remember to commit you're changes and make justifications
   		 wheter you want to commit or not

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git was design for programmers, In a large project you most likely will be using 
    many files some of them written in different programming languages.
    If you change a function in one of the files, you want to be sure other files will
    be adjusted aswell.
    Google Docs, most likely is used for documentation stored in single files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log lets me have a quick look on the whole history of changes while by using
    git diff i can compare the changes made in a one particular commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control allows me to always go back in case i did something that
    broke a program and see what kind of mistake it was caused by.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here